Aave V3 Polygon MaticX Supply Cap and AGD Approval (#399)
aave/aip: content/aips/AAVE-V3-POLYGON-CAPS-UPDATES-20230503.md

---

> title: MaticX Supply Cap Increase Polygon v3

Reviewer: Title and short description should also have AGD update

discussions: https://governance.aave.com/t/arfc-maticx-supply-cap-increase-polygon-v3/12657
shortDescription: Increase Supply Cap MaticX on Polygon v3 to 29.3M units. 
author: Llama - TokenLogic
created: 2023-05-03
---

# Summary

This publication proposes increasing the MaticX Supply Cap on Polygon v3 from 17.2M units to 29.3M units. It also corrects the Aave Grants DAO aUSDT allowance that was incorrectly set previously.

# Abstract

> Aftera vote for increasing the communities counter party risk was passsed on Snapshot, the Supply Cap for MaticX can be increased from 50% to 75% of circulating supply.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After a vote for increasing the communities counter party risk was passed on Snapshot, the Supply Cap for MaticX can be increased from 50% to 75% of circulating supply.
```

The current Supply Cap's utilisation is hovering around 94%, with 1.03M units of MaticX deposit capacity. Stader Labs is currently offering SD rewards to user who deposit MaticX. This proposal seeks to encourage Stader Labs to continue distributing SD rewards by increasing the Supply Cap and enabling more MaticX to be deposited into Aave. 

# Motivation

Over the previous months, Llama has been working with various communities to craft favourable conditions conducive to growing TVL and Revenue by facilitate the creation of several yield aggregation products. 

With liquidity mining ongoing, MaticX deposit rewards (SD) and wMATIC borrowing rewards (stMATIC & MaticX), ensuring there is adequate capacity enabling the yield maximising strategies to grow is key for Aave Protcol's abililty to generate wMATIC revenue. Several liquidity pools on Balancer v2 now include bb-a-wMATIC with over 14.5M units of wMATIC being deposited in Aave Protocol. This has lead to reduced borrowing rates for wMATIC and supports the continued growth of yield maximising strategies on Aave Protocol. 

> ![](https://i.imgur.com/CdVGNQ9.png)

Reviewer: image should be added on assets folder
